BIOS Upgrade Instructions 
------------------------- 
 
Creating a Bootable Floppy (You must use a DOS system to create the 
bootable floppy) 
-------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
1.  Place an unformatted floppy diskette in the floppy drive and format 
    the floppy using the /S option.  example: "format a: /s" 
 
2.  Alternatively, place a formatted floppy in the floppy drive and use 
    the "sys" command.  example: "sys a:" 
 
Upgrading to the Latest BIOS 
----------------------------------- 
1.  Be sure you have downloaded the correct BIOS file from the BBS. 
 
2.  Note the settings of the SETUP parameters.  Enter SETUP by hitting 
    the F1 key during boot up.  Write down the settings for each of 
    parameters.  At the end of the BIOS update process you should set the 
    parameters to default values by hitting the F5 key, and then 
    re-enter these values you have written down. 
 
3.  Follow the instructions (above) for creating a bootable floppy to 
    create a bootable floppy diskette. 
 
4.  Insert the bootable floppy into drive a:. 
 
5.  Extract the contents of the BIOS file you downloaded, onto the 
    bootable floppy.  You simply type the filename (without the 
    extension) followed by a: , for example "BIOS A:". 
 
6.  Place the bootable floppy containing the BIOS into drive a: of the 
    system that you want to upgrade and boot the system while the floppy 
    diskette is in the drive. 
 
7.  Press ENTER to go to the Main Menu. 
 
8.  Highlight the option that reads "Update Flash Memory From a File" and 
    press ENTER. 
 
9.  Highlight the option that reads "Update System BIOS" and press 
    ENTER. 
 
10. At the screen that asks you to enter the path and name of the file, 
    press TAB to highlight the file name and press ENTER. 
 
11. The system will give you a warning that BIOS is about to be changed. 
    If you wish to continue simply hit ENTER. 
 
12. Once the BIOS has been successfully loaded, remove the floppy 
    diskette from the drive.  Hit ENTER at the prompt to reboot the 
    system. 
 
13. Check to make sure the BIOS version is the new version as the system 
    reboots. 
 
14. Enter Setup by pressing the F1 key during boot up.  Once in Setup, 
    press the F5 to set the parameters back to default values. 
    Re-enter the values you wrote down at the beginning of this process. 
    If you do not set the CMOS values back to defaults using the F5 
    key, the system may function erratically. 
 
Note: you may encounter a CMOS Checksum error or other problem after 
reboot.  Try shutting down the system and booting up again.  CMOS 
checksum errors require that you enter Setup, check your settings, save 
your settings, and exit Setup. 
